docs: add agent setup (#420)
hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript: docs/getting-started/0-agent.md

You can set up an agent by importing the `Agent` class. It requires you to pass in a JSON object to configure the agent. The following is an example with only the required configuration options specified. The agent by itself can't do much yet, we need [transports](1-transports.md) to be able to interact with other agents.

```ts
import { Agent, InitConfig } from '@aries-framework/core'
import { agentDependencies } from '@aries-framework/node'

const agentConfig: InitConfig = {
  // The label is used for communication with other
  label: 'My Agent',
  walletConfig: {
    id: 'walletId',
    key: 'testKey0000000000000000000000000',
  },
}

const agent = new Agent(agentConfig, agentDependencies)
```
## Complete Agent Initialization

This is the optimal initialization code for a scenario where complete functionality is needed.
We will walk through the following steps to initialize the agent with full capabilities.

> ### 1- Import statements

Reviewer: I'd prefer to use a dot, or add a space between the number or hyphen

```suggestion
### 1. Import statements
```

```suggestion
### 1 - Import statements
```

Example: [DTS Verifiable Credential Issuer Service](https://github.com/bcgov/dts-vc-issuer-service)
Corresponding genesis file: http://test.bcovrin.vonx.io/genesis

Code for downloading genesis file

```ts
//Function for downloading genesis file and return string value
async function downloadGenesis(genesisUrl: string) {
  try {
    const response = await axios.get(genesisUrl); //Axios is a lightweight HTTP client, you can use any other library
    return response.data;
  } catch (e) {
    console.log('EXCEPTION> downloadGenesis:', e);
    return null;
  }
}

//Function for storing genesis string value to a local file on the device 
async function storeGenesis(
  genesis: string,
  fileName: string,
): Promise<string> {
  try {
    const genesisPath = `${RNFS.DocumentDirectoryPath}/${fileName}`;
    await RNFS.writeFile(genesisPath, genesis, 'utf8');
    return genesisPath;
  } catch (e) {
    console.log('EXCEPTION> storeGenesis:', e);
    return '';
  }
}

//Somewhere in the code (before init Agent)
const genesis = await downloadGenesis(GENESIS_URL);
const genesisPath = await storeGenesis(genesisString, 'genesis.txn');

> ```

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't encourage people to download a genesis transaction file on each startup. I'd recommend the following approach: 

This also removes the need to use platform specific file system libraries (as it is handled by the framework)

```ts
const BCOVRIN_TEST_GENESIS = `{"reqSignature":{},"txn":{"data":{"data":{"alias":"Node1","blskey":"4N8aUNHSgjQVgkpm8nhNEfDf6txHznoYREg9kirmJrkivgL4oSEimFF6nsQ6M41QvhM2Z33nves5vfSn9n1UwNFJBYtWVnHYMATn76vLuL3zU88KyeAYcHfsih3He6UHcXDxcaecHVz6jhCYz1P2UZn2bDVruL5wXpehgBfBaLKm3Ba","blskey_pop":"RahHYiCvoNCtPTrVtP7nMC5eTYrsUA8WjXbdhNc8debh1agE9bGiJxWBXYNFbnJXoXhWFMvyqhqhRoq737YQemH5ik9oL7R4NTTCz2LEZhkgLJzB3QRQqJyBNyv7acbdHrAT8nQ9UkLbaVL9NBpnWXBTw4LEMePaSHEw66RzPNdAX1","client_ip":"138.197.138.255","client_port":9702,"node_ip":"138.197.138.255","node_port":9701,"services":["VALIDATOR"]},"dest":"Gw6pDLhcBcoQesN72qfotTgFa7cbuqZpkX3Xo6pLhPhv"},"metadata":{"from":"Th7MpTaRZVRYnPiabds81Y"},"type":"0"},"txnMetadata":{"seqNo":1,"txnId":"fea82e10e894419fe2bea7d96296a6d46f50f93f9eeda954ec461b2ed2950b62"},"ver":"1"}
{"reqSignature":{},"txn":{"data":{"data":{"alias":"Node2","blskey":"37rAPpXVoxzKhz7d9gkUe52XuXryuLXoM6P6LbWDB7LSbG62Lsb33sfG7zqS8TK1MXwuCHj1FKNzVpsnafmqLG1vXN88rt38mNFs9TENzm4QHdBzsvCuoBnPH7rpYYDo9DZNJePaDvRvqJKByCabubJz3XXKbEeshzpz4Ma5QYpJqjk","blskey_pop":"Qr658mWZ2YC8JXGXwMDQTzuZCWF7NK9EwxphGmcBvCh6ybUuLxbG65nsX4JvD4SPNtkJ2w9ug1yLTj6fgmuDg41TgECXjLCij3RMsV8CwewBVgVN67wsA45DFWvqvLtu4rjNnE9JbdFTc1Z4WCPA3Xan44K1HoHAq9EVeaRYs8zoF5","client_ip":"138.197.138.255","client_port":9704,"node_ip":"138.197.138.255","node_port":9703,"services":["VALIDATOR"]},"dest":"8ECVSk179mjsjKRLWiQtssMLgp6EPhWXtaYyStWPSGAb"},"metadata":{"from":"EbP4aYNeTHL6q385GuVpRV"},"type":"0"},"txnMetadata":{"seqNo":2,"txnId":"1ac8aece2a18ced660fef8694b61aac3af08ba875ce3026a160acbc3a3af35fc"},"ver":"1"}
{"reqSignature":{},"txn":{"data":{"data":{"alias":"Node3","blskey":"3WFpdbg7C5cnLYZwFZevJqhubkFALBfCBBok15GdrKMUhUjGsk3jV6QKj6MZgEubF7oqCafxNdkm7eswgA4sdKTRc82tLGzZBd6vNqU8dupzup6uYUf32KTHTPQbuUM8Yk4QFXjEf2Usu2TJcNkdgpyeUSX42u5LqdDDpNSWUK5deC5","blskey_pop":"QwDeb2CkNSx6r8QC8vGQK3GRv7Yndn84TGNijX8YXHPiagXajyfTjoR87rXUu4G4QLk2cF8NNyqWiYMus1623dELWwx57rLCFqGh7N4ZRbGDRP4fnVcaKg1BcUxQ866Ven4gw8y4N56S5HzxXNBZtLYmhGHvDtk6PFkFwCvxYrNYjh","client_ip":"138.197.138.255","client_port":9706,"node_ip":"138.197.138.255","node_port":9705,"services":["VALIDATOR"]},"dest":"DKVxG2fXXTU8yT5N7hGEbXB3dfdAnYv1JczDUHpmDxya"},"metadata":{"from":"4cU41vWW82ArfxJxHkzXPG"},"type":"0"},"txnMetadata":{"seqNo":3,"txnId":"7e9f355dffa78ed24668f0e0e369fd8c224076571c51e2ea8be5f26479edebe4"},"ver":"1"}
{"reqSignature":{},"txn":{"data":{"data":{"alias":"Node4","blskey":"2zN3bHM1m4rLz54MJHYSwvqzPchYp8jkHswveCLAEJVcX6Mm1wHQD1SkPYMzUDTZvWvhuE6VNAkK3KxVeEmsanSmvjVkReDeBEMxeDaayjcZjFGPydyey1qxBHmTvAnBKoPydvuTAqx5f7YNNRAdeLmUi99gERUU7TD8KfAa6MpQ9bw","blskey_pop":"RPLagxaR5xdimFzwmzYnz4ZhWtYQEj8iR5ZU53T2gitPCyCHQneUn2Huc4oeLd2B2HzkGnjAff4hWTJT6C7qHYB1Mv2wU5iHHGFWkhnTX9WsEAbunJCV2qcaXScKj4tTfvdDKfLiVuU2av6hbsMztirRze7LvYBkRHV3tGwyCptsrP","client_ip":"138.197.138.255","client_port":9708,"node_ip":"138.197.138.255","node_port":9707,"services":["VALIDATOR"]},"dest":"4PS3EDQ3dW1tci1Bp6543CfuuebjFrg36kLAUcskGfaA"},"metadata":{"from":"TWwCRQRZ2ZHMJFn9TzLp7W"},"type":"0"},"txnMetadata":{"seqNo":4,"txnId":"aa5e817d7cc626170eca175822029339a444eb0ee8f0bd20d3b0b76e566fb008"},"ver":"1"}`

const agentConfig = {
   poolName: 'BCovrin Test'
   genesisTransactions: BCOVRIN_TEST_GENESIS
}
```

Note: You do not need the genesis file if you are creating a connection between your Agent and another Agent for exchanging simple messages.

### 3- Get Mediator Connection URL (Optional)

Mediators (Routing Agents) are Agents that serve as intermediaries to facilitate the flow of messages between other types of agents.

> You will need a mediator Agent if you are going to deal with VC (Verifiable Credentials), however, you can ignore the mediator step if you are creating an Agent for the sole purpose of exchanging messages with another Agent. 

Reviewer: This assumes mobile environments. Mediators are only needed when you can't host an endpoint to receive messages yourself (this is the case on mobile environments). It is required for all exchanges on mobile, not only when dealing with VCs

Example: If you are testing VC related functionality and need a mediator, you can use the [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/).
- Head to [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/).
- Copy mediator invite url and save it (i.e. MEDIATOR_INVITE = "url").

Note: If the invite url uses insecure http you will have to adjust your code to allow for insecure traffic.
- Instructions for [iOS](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31254725/transport-security-has-blocked-a-cleartext-http).

> - Instructions for [Android](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51902629/how-to-allow-all-network-connection-types-http-and-https-in-android-9-pie).

Reviewer: This also assumes mobile environments. I'm okay with targeting mobile environments but we should make it a getting started in React Native guide in that case

More about [Mediators](3-routing.md).

### 4- Create Agent

```ts
const agentConfig: InitConfig = {

>       label: 'my-agent9',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      label: 'My Agent',
```

      mediatorConnectionsInvite: MEDIATOR_INVITE,

>       walletConfig: {id: 'walletId10'},
>       walletCredentials: {key: 'testkey0230482304823042304244'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      walletConfig: {
      	id: 'WalletId',
      	key: 'TestKey',
      },
```

>       autoAcceptConnections: true,

Reviewer: We now have an auto accept "ContentApproved" that I think is good enough for the getting started guide. We could then explain how to manually handle the flow in the in-depth guides

```suggestion
      autoAcceptConnections: true,
      autoAcceptCredentials: AutoAcceptCredential.ContentApproved,
      autoAcceptProofs: AutoAcceptProof.ContentApproved,
```

>       poolName: 'test-193',
>       genesisPath,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      poolName: 'BCovrin Test',
      genesisTransactions: BCOVRIN_TEST_GENESIS,
```

      logger: new ConsoleLogger(LogLevel.debug),
    };

    const agent = new Agent(agentConfig, agentDependencies);

```

### 5- Create Transports

After creating the Agent object, we need to create and set the Inbound/Outbound transports that will handle traffic to/from the Agent.

> ```ts
>   const httpOutboundTransporter = new HttpOutboundTransporter();
>   agent.setOutboundTransporter(httpOutboundTransporter);
> 
>   //Inbound transports are currently built-in, you don't need to create them.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Outbound transports

Outbound transport are for sending messages. Outbound transports can optionally be used for receiving messages (e.g. in the case of a mediator). Currently two transports are supported as part of the framework, HTTP and WebSockets.

\`\`\`ts
  // For sending messages to http endpoints
  const httpOutboundTransport = new HttpOutboundTransport();
  agent.registerOutboundTransport(httpOutboundTransport);
  
  // For sending messages to ws endpoints
  const wsOutboundTransport = new WsOutboundTransport();
  agent.registerOutboundTransport(wsOutboundTransport);
\`\`\`

### Inbound transports

Inbound transports are for receiving messages. The inbound transports are only available in NodeJS environments, as we need to start a server to expose an HTTP endpoint and WebSocket server. You can import the inbound transports from the `@aries-framework/node` package

\`\`\`ts
  // For receiving messages on an HTTP endpoint
  const httpInboundTransport = new HttpInboundTransport({ port: 3000 });
  agent.registerInboundTransport(httpInboundTransport);
  
  // For receiving messages on an WS endpoint
  const wsInboundTransport = new WsInboundTransport({ port: 30001 });
  agent.registerInboundTransport(wsInboundTransport);
\`\`\`
```

Reviewer: Please remove the backticks, but github was struggling with the backtikcs in the suggestions

More about [Transports](1-transports.md).

### 6- Init Agent

After creating the Agent object and configuring it, we initialize the Agent.

```ts

> //Its highly recommended to wrap the initialization flow in a try/catch block 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// It's highly recommended to wrap the initialization flow in a try/catch block 
```

try
{
  await agent.initialize();
  console.log('Initialized agent!');
}catch(e){
  console.log(`Agent init error:${e}`);
}
```

> ### 6- Handling State Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 7- Handling State Changes
```

After you successfully initialize your Agent, you will notice that most of the hard work is being done by the underlying Aries/Indy framework. However, you as a controller will need to intercept in some situations when there is a state change (like when you need to accept an offered credential or reject/accept an incoming connection request). This is done through state change handlers.

#### Creating Event(State) Handlers 

```ts

> 
> agent.events.on(
>       AgentEventTypes.AgentMessageReceived,
>       handleBasicMessageReceive,
> );
> 
> agent.events.on<CredentialStateChangedEvent>(
>   CredentialEventTypes.CredentialStateChanged,
>   event => {
>     handleCredentialStateChange(event); //custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving VCs
>   },
> );
> 
> agent.events.on<ConnectionStateChangedEvent>(
>   ConnectionEventTypes.ConnectionStateChanged,
>   event => {
>     handleConnectionStateChange(event); //custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving a connection
>   },
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
agent.events.on<BasicMessageReceivedEvent>(
	AgentEventTypes.AgentMessageReceived,
    handleBasicMessageReceive
)

agent.events.on<CredentialStateChangedEvent>(
  CredentialEventTypes.CredentialStateChanged,
  // Custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving VCs
  handleCredentialStateChange
)

agent.events.on<ConnectionStateChangedEvent>(
  ConnectionEventTypes.ConnectionStateChanged,
  // Custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving a connection
  handleConnectionStateChange(event)
)
```

```

Example: This sample credential callback shows how to detect that a credential is received, show the user the credential asserts and give the option to accept/reject the offered credential.

```ts
const handleCredentialStateChange = async (
  event: CredentialStateChangedEvent,
) => {
  console.log(
    `>> Credential state changed: ${event.payload.credentialRecord.id}, previous state -> ${event.payload.previousState} new state: ${event.payload.credentialRecord.state}`,
  );

>   if (event.payload.credentialRecord.state === 'offer-received') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if (event.payload.credentialRecord.state === CredentialState.OfferReceived) {
```

    console.log(`>> Received offer, should display credential to user`);
    

>     //Display offer to user 
>     //..
>     //On user click "Accept"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Display offer to user 
    // On user click "Accept"
```

    console.log(`>>ACCEPTING OFFER`);
    agent.credentials.acceptOffer(event.payload.credentialRecord.id);

  } else if (event.payload.credentialRecord.state === 'credential-received') {

    //Credential recieved and stored in the wallet
    console.log('>> Received Credential');
    await agent.credentials.acceptCredential(event.payload.credentialRecord.id);
    console.log('ALL DONE - CREDENTAIL ACCEPTED');

>   }

Reviewer: With content approved mode we can remove this part. 

Maybe adding a `CredentialState.Done` listener to log when the process completed will be helpful

const agent = new Agent(agentConfig, agentDependencies)
```
## Complete Agent Initialization

This is the optimal initialization code for a scenario where a complete functionality needed.
We will consider the following steps to initialize the agent with full capabilities

### 1- Import statments
```ts
import {
  Agent,
  ConnectionEventTypes,
  ConnectionInvitationMessage,
  ConnectionRecord,
  ConnectionStateChangedEvent,
  ConsoleLogger,
  CredentialEventTypes,
  CredentialRecord,
  CredentialStateChangedEvent,
  HttpOutboundTransporter,
  InitConfig,
  LogLevel,
} from '@aries-framework/core'
import { agentDependencies } from '@aries-framework/node'
import RNFS from 'react-native-fs'
```

### 2- Download genesis file (Optional)

In working with an Indy network, the ledger’s genesis file contains the information necessary for an agent to connect to that ledger, in other words the genesis file contains the schema (like the DB schema) of the target indy node ledger you are attempting to connect to. 
When will you need genesis file?, you will need the genesis file of the indy ledger you will connect to, to accept/verify credentials.

> Example: Lets say your agent will accept a verifiable credential from trinsic.id, you will probably need to download the genesis file for Sovrin network

Reviewer 2: let's

Example: [DTS Verifiable Credential Issuer Service](https://github.com/bcgov/dts-vc-issuer-service)
Corresponding genesis file: http://test.bcovrin.vonx.io/genesis

Code for downloading genesis file

```ts
//Function for downloading genesis file and return string value
async function downloadGenesis(genesisUrl: string) {
  try {
    const response = await axios.get(genesisUrl); //Axios is a lightweight HTTP client, you can use any other library
    return response.data;
  } catch (e) {
    console.log('EXCEPTION> downloadGenesis:', e);
    return null;
  }
}

//Function for storing genesis string value to a local file on the device 
async function storeGenesis(
  genesis: string,
  fileName: string,
): Promise<string> {
  try {
    const genesisPath = `${RNFS.DocumentDirectoryPath}/${fileName}`;
    await RNFS.writeFile(genesisPath, genesis, 'utf8');
    return genesisPath;
  } catch (e) {
    console.log('EXCEPTION> storeGenesis:', e);
    return '';
  }
}

//Somewhere in the code (before init Agent)
const genesis = await downloadGenesis(GENESIS_URL);
const genesisPath = await storeGenesis(genesisString, 'genesis.txn');

```

> Note: You do not need genesis file if you are creating a connection between your agent and other agent for exchanging simple messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: You do not need the genesis file if you are creating a connection between your Agent and another Agent for exchanging simple messages.
```

### 3- Get Mediator Connection URL (Optional)

Mediators (Routing Agents) are Agents that serve as intermediaries to facilitate the flow of messages between other types of agents.

> You will need mediator agent if you are going to deal with VC (Verifiable Credentials), however, you can ignore the mediator step if you are creating an Agent for merely connecting directly to other Agent for exchanging messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will need a mediator Agent if you are going to deal with VC (Verifiable Credentials), however, you can ignore the mediator step if you are creating an Agent for the sole purpose of exchanging messages with another Agent. 
```

> Example: If you are testing with VCs, you can use [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Example: If you are testing VC related functionality and need a mediator, you can use the [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/).
```

> - Head to [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Head to [Indicio Public Mediator](https://indicio-tech.github.io/mediator/).
```

> - Copy mediator invite url and save it (i.e. MEDIATOR_INVITE = "url")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Copy mediator invite url and save it (i.e. MEDIATOR_INVITE = "url").
```

> Note: if the invite url use insecure http you will have to adjust your code to allow insecure traffic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: If the invite url uses insecure http you will have to adjust your code to allow for insecure traffic.
```

> - Instructions for [iOS](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31254725/transport-security-has-blocked-a-cleartext-http)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Instructions for [iOS](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31254725/transport-security-has-blocked-a-cleartext-http).
```

> - Instructions for [Android](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51902629/how-to-allow-all-network-connection-types-http-and-https-in-android-9-pie)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Instructions for [Android](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51902629/how-to-allow-all-network-connection-types-http-and-https-in-android-9-pie).
```

> More about [Mediators](3-routing.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More about [Mediators](3-routing.md).
```

### 4- Create Agent

```ts
const agentConfig: InitConfig = {
      label: 'my-agent9',
      mediatorConnectionsInvite: MEDIATOR_INVITE,
      walletConfig: {id: 'walletId10'},
      walletCredentials: {key: 'testkey0230482304823042304244'},
      autoAcceptConnections: true,
      poolName: 'test-193',
      genesisPath,
      logger: new ConsoleLogger(LogLevel.debug),
    };

    const agent = new Agent(agentConfig, agentDependencies);

```

### 5- Create Transports

After creating the Agent object, we need to create and set the Inbound/Outbound transports that will handle traffic to/from the Agent.

```ts
  const httpOutboundTransporter = new HttpOutboundTransporter();
  agent.setOutboundTransporter(httpOutboundTransporter);

>   //Inbound transport are currently built-in and you don't need to create it

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  //Inbound transports are currently built-in, you don't need to create them.
```

```

> More about [Transports](1-transports.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More about [Transports](1-transports.md).
```

### 6- Init Agent

> After creating the Agent object and configuring it with all configuration, we initialize the Agent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After creating the Agent object and configuring it, we initialize the Agent.
```

```ts

//Its highly recommended to wrap the initialization flow in a try/catch block 
try
{
  await agent.initialize();
  console.log('Initialized agent!');
}catch(e){
  console.log(`Agent init error:${e}`);
}
```

### 6- Handling State Changes

> After you successfully initialize your Agent, you will notice most of the hard work is done by the underlying Aries/Indy framework however, you as a controller need to intercept at some situations lets say when you need to accept an offered credential or reject/accept an incoming connection request. This is done through state change handlers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you successfully initialize your Agent, you will notice that most of the hard work is being done by the underlying Aries/Indy framework. However, you as a controller will need to intercept in some situations when there is a state change (like when you need to accept an offered credential or reject/accept an incoming connection request). This is done through state change handlers.
```

#### Creating Event(State) Handlers 

```ts

agent.events.on(
      AgentEventTypes.AgentMessageReceived,
      handleBasicMessageReceive,
);

agent.events.on<CredentialStateChangedEvent>(
  CredentialEventTypes.CredentialStateChanged,
  event => {
    handleCredentialStateChange(event); //custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving VCs
  },
);

agent.events.on<ConnectionStateChangedEvent>(
  ConnectionEventTypes.ConnectionStateChanged,
  event => {
    handleConnectionStateChange(event); //custom callback for handling any state change when offering/receiving a connection
  },
);
```

> Example: This sample Credential callback shows how to detect that a credential is received and show the user the credential asserts and give the option to accept/reject the offered credential

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Example: This sample credential callback shows how to detect that a credential is received, show the user the credential asserts and give the option to accept/reject the offered credential.
```

```ts
const handleCredentialStateChange = async (
  event: CredentialStateChangedEvent,
) => {
  console.log(
    `>> Credential state changed: ${event.payload.credentialRecord.id}, previous state -> ${event.payload.previousState} new state: ${event.payload.credentialRecord.state}`,
  );

  if (event.payload.credentialRecord.state === 'offer-received') {
    console.log(`>> Received offer, should display credential to user`);
    
    //Display offer to user 
    //..
    //On user click "Accept"
    console.log(`>>ACCEPTING OFFER`);
    agent.credentials.acceptOffer(event.payload.credentialRecord.id);

  } else if (event.payload.credentialRecord.state === 'credential-received') {

    //Credential recieved and stored in the wallet
    console.log('>> Received Credential');
    await agent.credentials.acceptCredential(event.payload.credentialRecord.id);
    console.log('ALL DONE - CREDENTAIL ACCEPTED');
  }
};
```

> More about [Credentials](5-credentials.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More about [Credentials](5-credentials.md).
```
